Clarifying icon usage in standalone link (#1478)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/link/standalone/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

In most cases, use leading icons. Choose icons that add meaning and clarity to the action described in the link’s text.

<Doc::Layout @spacing="12px">
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Download" @icon="download" @iconPosition="leading" @color="primary" @route="components" />
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="View connections" @icon="network-alt" @iconPosition="leading" @color="primary" @route="components" />
</Doc::Layout>

<Doc::Layout @spacing="12px">
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Download" @icon="download" @iconPosition="leading" @color="secondary" @route="components" />
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="View connections" @icon="network-alt" @iconPosition="leading" @color="secondary" @route="components" />
</Doc::Layout>

!!! Do

Consider directionality; if directing the user backward in a flow, use the leading position. 

> <Doc::Layout @spacing="12px">
>   <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Back to Dashboard" @icon="chevron-left" @iconPosition="leading" @color="primary" @route="components" />
>   <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Back to Dashboard" @icon="chevron-left" @iconPosition="leading" @color="secondary" @route="components" />
> </Doc::Layout>

Reviewer: I don't think we need to duplicate every time the example for primary and secondary color (it was confusing, for me). if you want to show that there are different variants, alternate the examples between the two colors

(this applies to other examples too)

```suggestion
<Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Back to Dashboard" @icon="chevron-left" @iconPosition="leading" @color="primary" @route="components" />
```

!!!

!!! Do

Always use the leading position for product or service icons (e.g., GitHub).

<Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Edit pages in GitHub" @icon="github" @iconPosition="leading" @color="primary" @route="components" />

<Doc::Layout @spacing="12px">
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Boundary" @icon="boundary-color" @iconPosition="leading" @color="primary" @route="components" />
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Consul" @icon="consul-color" @iconPosition="leading" @color="primary" @route="components" />
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Vault" @icon="vault-color" @iconPosition="leading" @color="primary" @route="components" />
  <Hds::Link::Standalone @text="Waypoint" @icon="waypoint-color" @iconPosition="leading" @color="primary" @route="components" />
</Doc::Layout>

!!!

### Trailing

> Consider trailing icons when there's no other meaningful icon or when guiding the user forward through the product. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider trailing icons when there’s no other meaningful icon or when guiding the user forward through the product. 
```
